# 路径属性

   This section discusses the path attributes of the UPDATE message.

   Path attributes fall into four separate categories:

         1. Well-known mandatory.
         2. Well-known discretionary.
         3. Optional transitive.
         4. Optional non-transitive.

   BGP implementations MUST recognize all well-known attributes.  Some
   of these attributes are mandatory and MUST be included in every
   UPDATE message that contains NLRI.  Others are discretionary and MAY
   or MAY NOT be sent in a particular UPDATE message.

   Once a BGP peer has updated any well-known attributes, it MUST pass
   these attributes to its peers in any updates it transmits.

   In addition to well-known attributes, each path MAY contain one or
   more optional attributes.  It is not required or expected that all
   BGP implementations support all optional attributes.  The handling of
   an unrecognized optional attribute is determined by the setting of
   the Transitive bit in the attribute flags octet.  Paths with
   unrecognized transitive optional attributes SHOULD be accepted.  If a
   path with an unrecognized transitive optional attribute is accepted
   and passed to other BGP peers, then the unrecognized transitive
   optional attribute of that path MUST be passed, along with the path,
   to other BGP peers with the Partial bit in the Attribute Flags octet
   set to 1.  If a path with a recognized, transitive optional attribute
   is accepted and passed along to other BGP peers and the Partial bit
   in the Attribute Flags octet is set to 1 by some previous AS, it MUST
   NOT be set back to 0 by the current AS.  Unrecognized non-transitive
   optional attributes MUST be quietly ignored and not passed along to
   other BGP peers.

   New, transitive optional attributes MAY be attached to the path by
   the originator or by any other BGP speaker in the path.  If they are
   not attached by the originator, the Partial bit in the Attribute
   Flags octet is set to 1.  The rules for attaching new non-transitive
   optional attributes will depend on the nature of the specific
   attribute.  The documentation of each new non-transitive optional
   attribute will be expected to include such rules (the description of
   the MULTI_EXIT_DISC attribute gives an example).  All optional
   attributes (both transitive and non-transitive), MAY be updated (if
   appropriate) by BGP speakers in the path.

   The sender of an UPDATE message SHOULD order path attributes within
   the UPDATE message in ascending order of attribute type.  The
   receiver of an UPDATE message MUST be prepared to handle path
   attributes within UPDATE messages that are out of order.

   The same attribute (attribute with the same type) cannot appear more
   than once within the Path Attributes field of a particular UPDATE
   message.

   The mandatory category refers to an attribute that MUST be present in
   both IBGP and EBGP exchanges if NLRI are contained in the UPDATE
   message.  Attributes classified as optional for the purpose of the
   protocol extension mechanism may be purely discretionary,
   discretionary, required, or disallowed in certain contexts.

|attribute        |EBGP                    |IBGP
|-----------------|------------------------|--------
|ORIGIN           |mandatory               |mandatory
|AS_PATH          |mandatory               |mandatory
|NEXT_HOP         |mandatory               |mandatory
|MULTI_EXIT_DISC  |discretionary           |discretionary
|LOCAL_PREF       |see Section 5.1.5       |required
|ATOMIC_AGGREGATE |see Section 5.1.6 and 9.1.4
|AGGREGATOR       |discretionary           |discretionary
